#summary Development Information.

= Introduction =

We welcome new developers...

*Comment Access*

Get comment access. 
Normally you submit a few patches and then the project manager makes the decision to grant you access or not.

== Current Development List ==
*release 3.2*
 * Upgrade and update by ftp that can install modules in the proper directories.
 * Add the 0-30 30-60 60-90 age at the bottom of the statement report.
 * Updating TCPDF to the latest version which is suppose to allow a 'streamlined' file without embedded fonts.
 * Phreebooks Module> Customers> Preferences> Determines whether or not to calculate finance charges on past due invoices. When this is set to yes. Add the code to change/edit the interest rate charged on past due invoices.
=== HIGH PRIORITY ===
 * rework import/export beginning balances to handle multi-branch
 * lock gl accounts to defaults, users cannot change, hide gl accounts, part of POS?
 * Add scanned files and attachments to invoices and forms
 * Auto generate SKUs, create sku if field left blank
 * Multi-currency gl entry, bills (payments and reciepts)
 * Topic 1097, Ability to import payments and receipts (full import)
 * Topic 1028, PhreeCRM Additions
 * Topic 1044, special class for general journal
 * add Print icon for Vendor Credit memos and create sample form
 * make import script perform an update as well for external edits and refresh

=== LOW PRIORITY ===
 * Banking import support
 * Import Inventory (XML style)
 * Ability to void payments (banking) versus delete
 * Add LCM (lower of cost or market) capability
 * Adding interest to receivables (current and late)
 * Create archive for old journal entries and contacts. Modify code to use it when necessary. Close fiscal yesr.
 * Allow for change of recur terms in recurring entries
 * Add price sheets for vendors
 * Topic 1299, utility to verify cleared accounts

=== FUTURE RELEASE IMPROVEMENTS ===
 * POS Interface (modified order screen with separate cash accounts) with touch screen monitor
 * iPhone interface
 * // Control Panel Ideas
 * // Improvements
 * vTiger Interface
 * sugarCRM Interface - commercial
 * Ubercart
 * google Checkout