#summary Multi Language, Multi Currency Point of Sale module.

= Introduction =
*Project Manager:* for this module.
 Rene Kervezee

*List of sponsors:* who have pledged monetary support for this module.
 Alvin Martin<br>
 lankeeyankee 

= Details =

  * Auto fill Customer,set in user defaults. Auto fill Currency, and Location set in customer defaults.
  * Post to GL accounts set in user defaults.
  * Line item discount.
  * Except more then one currency during a sale.
  * Show change due to the customer in the currency that the sale is made in.
  * Till reconciliation,
    * Open till (starting cash count) before a sale can be made.
    * Pay out, a popup window to enter cash paid out for expenses and bank deposits.
    * Close till (ending cash count) to show any short or over amount. Must take into account more then one currency accepted.
12-05-15 Rene " I am done with the normal class I will turn to this part of the module. This will be done by a separate class and a new journal-id."
 * Module Configuration, (module admin, properties)
  * Allow sales of inventory items resulting in negative stock levels? Y/N
  * Allow enter an order level discount value or percent? Y/N
  * Allow enter an item level discount value or percent? Y/N


 * POS Hardware
   * Support a pole display
   * Open an electronic cash drawer.
   * Support debit cards and PIN pads.
12-05-15 Rene "Some of this would require a java application but I haven't seen one yet. Any suggestions on this part?" 

== Notes ==
12-05-15 Rene
 * After selecting a inventory item the picture will be shown.
 * You can select a sales rep.
 * There are till's / cash-drawers. ( this would allow for multiple pos for one store.)
 * You can round the end total in different ways.
 * You can choose if you want to show lines with tax or without.
 * I am still working on the class that is to save the transaction.